chore(apple): Remove enableExperimentalViewRenderer after GA (#13597)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/guides/ios/session-replay/performance-overhead.mdx

})
```

### Disable View Renderer V2

> Starting with v8.47.0 you can enable the up-to-5x-faster new view renderer, reducing the impact of Session Replay on the main thread and potential frame drops.
> As of v8.50.0, the new view renderer is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v8.50.0, the up-to-5x-faster view renderer V2 is used by default, reducing the impact of Session Replay on the main thread and potential frame drops. In previous versions (v8.47.0 and above), you can already enable it by setting `enableExperimentalViewRenderer=true`.
```

Reviewer: I wanna focus the wording on the current/new state, while keeping the context of the availability as experimental feature in the last few versions

> While we do recommend the new view renderer, if you are experiencing issues, you can disable it by setting the following flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we do recommend the new view renderer, if you are experiencing issues, you can opt out of using it by setting the following flag:
```

Reviewer: `m`: also add a note that at a later point the option will likely be deprecated and removed at some point (e.g. the next major)

Author: I added a note
